Frodo Baggins wants to sell the mushrooms for 16 gold.
Celeborn wants to sell the mushrooms for 12 gold.
Déagol wants to sell the Chocolate frog for 21 gold.
Gandalf wants to sell the mushrooms for 33 gold.
Bilbo Baggins wants to sell the medicine for 25 gold.
Frodo Baggins withdrawn from sale mushrooms for 16 gold.
Celeborn withdrawn from sale mushrooms for 12 gold.
Déagol withdrawn from sale Chocolate frog for 21 gold.
Déagol wants to sell the mushrooms for 47 gold.
Aragorn wants to sell the Cloak for 9 gold.
Dean Thomas wants to buy the Chocolate frog. He can not buy Chocolate frog.
Ron Weasley wants to buy the medicine. He buys medicine from Bilbo Baggins by 25 gold.
Albus Dumbledore wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Cho Chang wants to buy the sword. He can not buy sword.
Albus Dumbledore wants to buy the Cloak. He buys Cloak from Aragorn by 9 gold.
Harry Potter wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Cho Chang wants to buy the The Great Ring. He can not buy The Great Ring.
Dean Thomas wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Harry Potter wants to buy the mushrooms. He buys mushrooms from Gandalf by 33 gold.
Bones Amelia wants to buy the The Great Ring. He can not buy The Great Ring.
Ron Weasley wants to buy the mushrooms. He buys mushrooms from Gandalf by 33 gold.
Ron Weasley wants to buy the mushrooms. He buys mushrooms from Gandalf by 33 gold.
Aragorn withdrawn from sale Cloak for 9 gold.
Something wrong! Déagol does not sell Chocolate frog for 21 gold.
Albus Dumbledore wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Aragorn wants to sell the The Great Ring for 6 gold.
Cho Chang wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Ron Weasley wants to buy the The Great Ring. He buys The Great Ring from Aragorn by 6 gold.
Déagol withdrawn from sale mushrooms for 47 gold.
Gandalf wants to sell the sword for 16 gold.
Aragorn wants to sell the The Great Ring for 18 gold.
Aragorn withdrawn from sale The Great Ring for 6 gold.
Elrond wants to sell the Cloak for 4 gold.
Déagol wants to sell the Cloak for 20 gold.
Bilbo Baggins wants to sell the Chocolate frog for 26 gold.
Cho Chang wants to buy the Cloak. He buys Cloak from Elrond by 4 gold.
Albus Dumbledore wants to buy the sword. He buys sword from Gandalf by 16 gold.
Cho Chang wants to buy the Apple (poisoned). He can not buy Apple (poisoned).
Bones Amelia wants to buy the Chocolate frog. He buys Chocolate frog from Bilbo Baggins by 26 gold.
Albus Dumbledore wants to buy the sword. He buys sword from Gandalf by 16 gold.
